com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/VaccinationUpdates.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.VaccinationUpdates
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/modelclassforadmin.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.modelclassforadmin
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/item2.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.item2
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/aboutVaccine.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.aboutVaccine
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.aboutVaccine$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.aboutVaccine$2
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/adminsearch.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminsearch
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminsearch$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminsearch$2
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminsearch$3
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/item.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.item
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/adapterclass.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adapterclass
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adapterclass$myviewholder
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/userhelperclass.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.userhelperclass
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.BuildConfig
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Signupmain.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Signupmain
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Signupmain$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Signupmain$2
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Signupmain$3
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Signupmain$3$1
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/AdapterReview.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.AdapterReview
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.AdapterReview$myViewHolder
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Main_menu.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Main_menu
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Main_menu$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Main_menu$2
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Main_menu$3
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/LoginMain.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.LoginMain
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.LoginMain$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.LoginMain$2
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.LoginMain$3
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.LoginMain$4
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.LoginMain$5
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.LoginMain$6
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Adminedit.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Adminedit
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Adminedit$1
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Usersurvey.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Usersurvey
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Usersurvey$1
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/usermodel.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.usermodel
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/forgetpasswindow.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.forgetpasswindow
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.forgetpasswindow$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.forgetpasswindow$1$1
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/showdata.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.showdata
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.showdata$1
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/userhelp2.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.userhelp2
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Reviews.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Reviews
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Reviews$1
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/adminmenu.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminmenu
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminmenu$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminmenu$2
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminmenu$3
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Otpverification.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification$1$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification$2
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification$2$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification$3
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification$4
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification$5
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification$6
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Otpverification$7
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Aboutapp.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Aboutapp
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/ReviewModel.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.ReviewModel
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/adminloginscn.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminloginscn
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminloginscn$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminloginscn$2
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.adminloginscn$3
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/MainActivity.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.MainActivity
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.MainActivity$1
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Userprofile.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Userprofile
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/surveyhelperclass.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.surveyhelperclass
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Maindashboard.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Maindashboard
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Maindashboard$1
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Maindashboard$2
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Maindashboard$3
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Maindashboard$4
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Maindashboard$5
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Maindashboard$6
com/example/covid19_vaccine_management_system/Menulocation.java
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Menulocation
 com.example.covid19_vaccine_management_system.Menulocation$1
